DOCS: Mobile Configuration Module replacement (#1709)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/user/mobile.md

# Mobile

> **Note**
>

> > The Mobile configuration module was removed in 2.36 and is now replaced by the SMS configuration app which provides a modern and more user-friendly user interface and additional options > for configuring SMS in DHIS2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Mobile configuration module was removed in version 2.36 and replaced by the SMS configuration app which provides a modern and more user-friendly user interface and additional options for configuring SMS in DHIS2.
```
